as promised Joe and Mika welcome to your
own show guys I don't see you guys so I
said it at the top of the show you guys
were on your way to vacation you had
tickets to the Red Sox games gonna be a
good one David Price was pitching yes
they beat the twins last it's a great
track you're gonna bring your kids up
there but it's gonna be a circus and you
want to deal with it TMZ and my dogs on
the street so I asked you to come back
so I appreciate you coming in to talk
about it
Mika what's been going on in the last 24
hours you know what I think it's been
fascinating and frightening and really
sad for our country I mean I'm you know
have been getting a lot of text and
hearing you all talking thank you I'm
fine
my family brought me up and really tough
this is absolutely nothing but I think
for me personally but I am very
concerned as to what this once again
reveals about the president United
States it's strange
yeah I think so I mean we had so many
people saying hey hope you're okay I
hope you're okay at calls and texts and
and and emails were okay the country's
not that was when you know it's so funny
yesterday I actually asked me it was
like 8:45 and I wondered I know this is
shock you I said I'm really tired can I
get glass can you do the last 15 minutes
of the show and everybody came in and
ran and and showed me the tweets before
she came downstairs and I looked at him
and that's I was like this this has to
be a joke the president United States is
as bad as he's been in the past he
really hasn't gone over the cliff and
then unfortunately we learned what we've
always learned and that is that that he
for some reason takes things so much
more personally with women he's so much
more vicious with women I never told the
story but a very well-known congressman
who went over to the White House with 20
other members when the president was
pitching House members to get through
the house said that he went on this rant
about morning Joe in front of 20 members
of Congress while he was trying to pitch
the health care bill and went on and on
and on and sort of just brush me aside
he's a joke he's a joke but then this
senior
remember that everybody knows and we run
funny said I just this is I've never
made a call like this I've been in
politics my whole life I actually he
scared me because he was vicious when he
turned from mica from you to mica his
face was red he started talking about
blood coming out of her ears out of her
eyes and and this congressman said I
I've been in politics for decades I've
never seen anything like this and he
said I don't even know why I'm calling
you but I was just scared I was scared
for you guys and I wanted you to know
and for some reason we've seen this time
and time again with mica I will insult
him over the Muslim ban or say that he's
a racist they'll say he's a racist with
what he said about David Duke all of
these things through the year and for
some reason he always goes after Mika
and it's always personal with Mika and
he packed about five lies into the
tweets which very productive two tweets
to pack five or six lice into two tweets
but yesterday was just another example
of just how deeply personal he is he
attacks women because he fears women he
has a fixation there is we did a piece
in The Washington Post and we wrote
together that kind of goes through
everything that happened but I guess
I'll say this now you know big picture
my father just passed away my mother had
two heart attacks my daughter just lost
a friend those are the things I'm really
worried about those are things that
really deeply impact me and you know
leave me thinking about at night and
hurting and worrying and thinking about
the future the president's tweets
whether they're personally aimed at me
or aimed at me in some way that doesn't
bother me one bit it does worry me about
the country and I know we have Richard
Haass with us he appears to have a
fragile impetuous childlike ego that
we've seen over and over again
especially with women it's like he can't
take it and I saw this happening
yesterday in real time we were talking
about the Time magazine
the White House claims that we attack
him no we report on his lies we are
upset when he doesn't tell the truth and
he bullies people that is true
we sometimes mock him and have fun with
things like we did the President Obama
with his bowling and we were having fun
with the Time magazine cover because it
was hilarious that anybody would have
their country club put up fake Time
magazine covers of your boss or maybe an
employer felt they needed to do that I
thought it was hilarious I still do I
stand by my joke I knew in real time
that the president would be tweaked by
that and I wondered oh boy I feel
there's gonna be a response and I'll
tell you that think about it it is
unbelievably alarming that this
president is so easily played he's so
easily played by a cable news host now
what is that saying to our allies what
is that saying to our enemies that this
president is so easily played well you
know we we Willie we got actually a lot
of texts a lot of calls actually from
ambassadors and leaders that we've known
through the years across the world just
expressing shock and that's when you go
from going oh you know what this is
Donald Donald for 12 years that when
you're getting emails and calls and
texts from people across the world
saying we stand by you like we're
sovereign state we stand by you
Morning Joe the Republic of Morning Joe
we stand with mica my things that we
stand by you we stand by mica we stand
by the show this is shocking we we don't
even know how to respond to this as a
country we don't know how to deal with
this guy and we have friends inside the
White House that have told us over the
past month they're getting more
concerned about his emotional state and
also more concerned at the same time
control about what's happening across
the world there are bad things
across the world which we can't say on
the air they they know it the the the
DoD but this is one of the most
dangerous times in recent American
history and we have a president who is
attacking a cable news host because she
dared make a joke about a Time magazine
cover well the president of South Korea
is here in Washington he was at the
White House last night there'll be a
media again this morning could not be a
more serious time for our relationship
with South Korea given what's happening
in North Korea and so when he arrives in
Washington what he sees on his TV what
he hears around him his story about
tweets about Mika Brzezinski yeah and
what is that's what set signal to him
about the seriousness of the President
as to the tweets themselves and I
normally make it wouldn't ask you these
things maybe but you wrote a lot him in
the Washington Post yeah you pointed out
a bunch of things that just weren't true
well most the it was amazing how many
lives he packed into two tweets we did
not want to go to Marlo go Donald kept
calling Joe Joe went and he stayed for
about 30 minutes and then he's like
where's Myka where's mother he seemed to
want me to go somebody was more into
being there than me and so the next
night we went I was I think on jeans we
walked through this we thought okay
let's try to get an interview talk to
Milania who I liked very much and we
were we were like shuffled into a side
room it was actually a bedroom talked
for 20 minutes and we left through this
party of people to rest the nines talk
about facelifts whoa my face speaking of
my face while we're there I had my chin
tweaked the scan under my chin I believe
I facetimed you we talked about it
called Nicole called all my friends had
a lot of fun with it I'm pretty
transparent about what I do and I think
it looks awesome
so it's so easy I'll talk to you about
it see that's the thing though and this
is what it does he takes something small
but he thinks he can win he can towards
it he tries to weaponize it
and all he again this has been one of
our great frustrations he just ends up
hurting himself and you know you go
through Wisconsin you go through
Pennsylvania you go through Michigan you
go through Ohio and you go through those
four states you realize there are people
there in Iowa that voted for Barack
Obama eight years ago and they are so
desperate yeah for some help we're
talking about that they voted for Donald
Trump this time because they wanted
somebody who would fight for them and
instead Willie all they've gotten is
somebody that will fight for himself and
pick fights with people that don't
matter like if you don't like our show
and if you care about what's good for
America turn us off wait I rub the
Washington Post piece with mica easy bet
it is it's better for America in the
world if he just turns his 80 inch
television set to Fox & Friends and
keeps it there yeah make a mistake home
stay in the bubble I'm worried well
because I think that the sign here is
that we we might have a bigger problem
I've said this before I've been trying
to draw this plane home I think we have
a much bigger problem on her hands I
think members of the administration
members of the cabinet members of
Congress have a really big problem on
their hands and that's that's also
because we've known him so long term and
I know Donny you've known him for a long
time the guy that's in the White House
now it's not the guy we knew two years
ago yeah that's in the White House now
it's not even close because the Donald
Trump we knew for a better part of 10 12
years was always in on the joke yeah
hey like he'd go your own putter and
then of the week at yeah right here's
this hey look at it and it always went
kinda like they love that yeah you look
like they like that
I'd say like they just come here they
love seeing my name it makes them feel
like they're part is something he was
always in on the joke without getting
into great detail I will just say that
somebody at the top of this campaign
last summer said to me we're all really
worried about his emotional state yeah
but this is no this is an arnelle's and
I'm telling you when somebody said yeah
this guy is not even the same person he
was not it's interesting you use I
always used to use those words he's in
on the joke yeah I want everybody to
really read your Washington Post piece
to because at the top of it is something
we've been talking about he's not well I
think the real net net net net of all of
this is beyond the obvious of what was
all atrocious by the tweet he's not of
sound mind he would that's somebody that
clinically you look at and say there's
something wrong there and and I think I
don't know what the doctors in the White
House situation is I don't know but this
is the man who's got his hands on the
code and he's clearly not well I'm not a
well the question the question is really
mentally ill when do you stop doing
things that are in your best interest
and start doing things that are
obviously going to hurt you bring harm
to you bring harm to people around you
and he's been acting that way for some
time now well the Russia tweets have
been a case study in that every time he
tweets about Russia he's made it
exponentially worse for him everything
he has said publicly and done publicly
has made it worse if he had some
restraint he'd actually be helping
himself but he contradicts his own best
interest I also think there's something
that you've talked about a lot if you
look at George W Bush or Bill Clinton
you've got to have in Barack Obama
you've got to have a thick skin
you just have to to be President we were
just talking about a story that we've
told many times that a friend of ours
tells us about george w bush and all the
noise on cable news and all the noise in
the media when he was president about he
should be impeached he's writing the
Constitution and he's Hitler and
everything else and he goes in and he's
told one night that Keith Olbermann had
gone after him and that night in a
pretty vicious way it was like this was
like this was pretty deep doing years
into it like like 2007-2008 he's told
that Keith Olbermann has said something
pretty serious about it and it's getting
good
pick up and we just thought you should
know and George W Bush looked at this
White House communications person said
Keith Olbermann why is he talking about
me I said well you know he's sure
everything he does sports it you've got
to block out the noise and do your job
and not worry about what's being said
around I'm just telling what do you have
this piece of video I watched yesterday
of JFK in 62 just after the Bay of Pigs
and he'd been hammered by the press and
he's and he's on this video and he says
listen I've just had the most brutal
time the press is terrible to me he
calls them abrasive and he said but
thank God I have that because Chris Jeff
doesn't have that kind of work out every
day and it's making my presidency better
night and day reaction what it means to
have a press that is free open and
questioning and Richard talked about the
crises that are breaking out across the
globe that and we're not even counting
you trying to grow a beard before the
fourth of July week Rice's no wait so
easily that he lurches at a morning
cable news host and since he's obsessed
with women in a way that makes him feel
even more scathed
when a woman mocks him what does that
say to our enemies and our allies and
our allegiances and and developing
relationships around the world and could
that perhaps be why he was so rude to
Angela Merkel a woman that many call the
leader of the free world now words you
want or adjectives you want associated
with the president are careful
discipline sober you want someone of
good judgment because this president is
going to have to make decisions that
literally will affect the lives of every
person on the planet so you almost want
not almost you want the president to
have that in the back of his mind before
he says or does anything but what
worries me here in the foreign policy
sense is I don't want a president who's
susceptible to flattery and this war
this gets at the Saudi visit where I
think the United States was way way way
too much in the direction of the Saudis
and others and this because this could
drag us I think into an unwarranted
conflict in the Middle East and I don't
want a president who's thin-skinned to
criticism I want a president who can
brush off both the flattery and the
and the criticism because both are going
to come at them fast and furious day-in
day-out and you want someone who can
remain calm when nobody else is that's
what we need here we are today with the
South Korean president at the White
House this will be the single most
important national security set of
decisions he's going to have to make and
literally millions on that exaggerating
here millions of lives in that part of
the world possibly in the United States
will be affected by what it is the
United States doesn't doesn't do and how
it does it so the stakes couldn't be
larger and here we are quite honestly
having this conversation and the
juxtaposition between the stakes coming
at us in the president's inbox and where
we are in terms of this conversation as
a country the the contrast between the
two cannot make anybody in or out of
this White House feel comfortable no and
you think about him responding to my
tweaking him about the time magazine
covers you think about Willy that spooky
cabinet meeting where everybody went
around the table and complimented him
this appears to be a man that cannot
take the tiniest tweak from a woman on
cable news but requires his cabinet to
speak at length about his greatness
especially in the middle of a presidency
that appears to be struggling low
approval ratings and very few
accomplishments he's not in reality
never been any question that he requires
daily if not hourly affirmation yeah I
want to ask you guys about something
else you published in The Washington
Post piece this morning something again
we've talked about in private even I've
talked about on television but I'm
already getting a lot of questions about
it so I want to give you the chance to
explain I'll just read a quote this year
top White House staff members warned
that the National Enquirer
was planning to publish a negative
article about us unless we begged the
president to have the story spiked we
ignored their desperate pleas what
exactly happened there to the extent
you're comfortable talking about well I
mean I'm uncomfortable talking I mean I
I think we have to talk about it now
because it explains the relationship and
his really strange obsession with this
show and in particular it's really
disturbing obsession with Mika we we got
a
we got a call that hey the National
Enquirer is going to run a negative
story against you guys and it was you
know Donald is friends with the
president's friends with the guy that
runs the National Enquirer and they said
if you call the president up and you
apologize for your coverage then he will
pick up the phone and basically spike
this story I had well I will just say
three people at the very top of the
administration calling me and the
response was like are you kidding me I
don't know what they have run a story
I'm not going to do it the calls kept
coming and kept coming and they were
like call you need to call please call
said mojo just pick up the phone and
calling that's blackmail and let me
explain what they were threatening I'm
they were calling my children they were
calling close friend time at the
National Enquirer and they were pinning
the story on my ex-husband who would
absolutely never do that so I knew
immediately it was a lie and that they
had nothing and these calls persisted
for quite some time and then Joe had the
conversations that he had with the White
House where they said oh this could go
away so I I just want to be very clear
here wow-whee the National Enquirer is
harassing your children right your
daughters who are teenagers yeah and you
know you're getting and then Joe and
turn is getting calls from the White
House by the way they're also they're
also I was at Micah's house for a few
minutes and came out and there was a guy
in a van that was just was staked out
there watching it was clear that he was
from a tabloid and he said it started
asking questions and then after all this
started happened that's when we started
getting calls from the White House
saying if you call Wow
you know if you call the president and
we
response my ex-husband talking to Joe
talking about kids was screw it let him
run it
just go ahead by the way they ended up
we're running solving and and they they
interviewed a guy who said you know for
about a year he comes to anybody's about
you know three three six-packs of beer a
week here in my store I've never bought
a beer you can check it out I'll be Gary
Hart here follow me around I've never
bought a beer in my life from a
convenience store from what you just
said is one of the most frightening
things I've ever heard
well this is what we got a that
basically that this story is gonna run
unless you grovel to the President and
then the president will kill this but
not just the store run we will stop her
at will have that some heart stop
harassing your children if you grovel to
the press you know and and what makes it
even worse for them yes Donald Trump
called me during the campaign and
bragged about his friend who ran the
National Enquirer he said and it always
say have you seen the ben Carson story
have you seen the ben Carson story have
you seen that soaring that Enquirer and
then he would talk about it I did they
do the JFK story to I don't know if they
did the JFK story to but there were all
these stories that were planted in the
National Enquirer for people that Donald
Trump wanted to attack and then he would
talk about it on the campaign trail so
when we heard his it oh so we've gone
from campaign mode to now trying to
attack us and of course go ahead we were
like the Ted Cruz JFK story was the
National Enquirer was that his father
was involved somehow
I mean Harold I I know you held elected
office I know you've held town hall
meetings I know you've had people come
up to you and like grab you and say I
need help I need I need help you know
but we're not able to make ends meet
we're not able to pay our we are and
there's so many Americans like that
and how do you explain to them what's
happening in the White House when top
White House aides are dealing with
tweets or top White House aides are
dealing with with reporters trying to do
whatever they were trying to do in the
National Enquirer it's just horrifying
you don't you can't deal with it I the
first of all I thank you for coming
along this morning and answering and
responding to this it's a it's a shame
that you had to that the president I'm
telling me I missed a good Red Sox game
last night at Fenway that you would have
to go through this but again I come back
to where we started
who are you I'll be okay sure I'm not
gonna make this about me it's a
wonderful thing but I think there's a
seriousness to this Donnie raise at the
beginning then raise it again about it
the president to call someone so I'll
make something go away in the press if
you call me and bow to me or kowtow to
me the fact that his response because
he's upset about the way he's being
criticized on health care in taxes and
infrastructure in foreign policy is to
attack Mika personally we as a country
we got to figure out who are we what
have we become if we allow this to be
the leader and a spokesperson from whom
we are and as we shouldn't how we
project ourselves as a nation and I
think more importantly it's a touching
I'm really terrible for a proposition we
found ourselves having to deal with this
more touching on what you said before
and I heard you say this it's not just
we as a country it's those of us who
have called ourselves conservatives for
our entire life and those of us who call
themselves Republicans for our entire
life
when he's obsessed the way he is on the
small things he's obsessed with what
happens to a health care agenda you you
don't move a healthcare agenda forward
you don't have conversations about how
you know getting free enterprise and
free markets in health care could drive
down the cost you don't talk about
passing tax reform that would make
Americans more competitive with the rest
of the world argot how many trillions
that are offshore back invested
it's which would put working-class
people from Wisconsin to Pennsylvania
back to work you don't get to talk about
regulatory reform you don't get to talk
about using that money for
infrastructure and rebuilding our
country and somebody coming back from
Russia saying their infrastructure is
incredible
China is it for the structure is
incredible you should they said you
should see the roads you should see the
trains they are rebuilding China did the
same thing five years ago we're not
doing this because we have a president
Carol that is obsessed with the smallest
of things
everybody has lapses in judgment and
they say terrible things or things they
don't agree with but all when you say
those things you come back is if someone
said to me a great friend said to me the
other day
good judgment at the end of the day is
better late than never and you would
hope at some point when you say
something crazy you coming sick I didn't
mean that I got caught up in a moment
this president is yet to apologize for
this that's not gonna happen and he had
his folks person come out and say this
is what you bargained for this is what
you vote I don't believe the country
vote for this I'm so curious I want to
see how we as a nation the fabric in the
texture of whom we all respond to this
and I again I'm hopeful and prayerful
that the answer is resembles the tone
this morning in resembles that not you
didn't show any courage because you are
who you are and then Brzezinski families
what the birds in ski family is but I
hope the country shows that we won't
stand for this anyways it's right away
it's an awful thing we show absolutely
no courage here I mean we get paid well
we've got the job of our dreams we've
got the best life that I mean I've
coming from where I came from
my dad was unemployed for two years we
couldn't find a job so I've just learned
a real thing I did coming from where I
come from I just I did just learn to
read just a couple of months ago yeah so
we're we're extraordinarily lucky but I
really like read I don't want to I don't
want to pound this in the ground too
much but there are people that are
hurting out there average wages for
working-class Americans have declined in
real terms since 1974
or their healthcare costs are going up
deductibles are going up premiums are
going up their coverage is getting worse
our corporations that employ millions of
people can't compete with other
corporations across the world as
effectively because our tax rates are
higher our infrastructure is crumbling
our airports or a joke our bridges are
collapsing that's what matters
and that's what's not getting done in an
age where the partisanship is so harsh
that Steve Scalise can get gunned down
at a charity baseball practice
and yet a week later two weeks later the
President of the United States is amping
things up and making the political
environment all the more dangerous for
years America has been uncomfortable and
you know Richard spoke about the crises
facing us around the world but you also
pointed out something else which is the
opportunities other countries are
seizing while America is standing still
in terms of infrastructure building
creating more jobs getting its
manufacturing industries going again
other countries are moving forwards they
just are and there'd been some
speculation that when the president came
into office because of him saying that
he's a deal maker and because he had the
Republicans in the Senate because he had
the Republicans in the house he would
actually be able to break the gridlock
that he this was the president perhaps
who could get things moving because he
had all the power in one party's hands
and because he billed himself as a deal
maker and instead his administration is
caught up day after day in trying to
clean up yet the latest tweet that is
occupying everybody's interests and
airtime and making it harder and harder
for members of his own party to do
business with him and and mica I've got
a got a 13 year old daughter you've got
two daughters and I'm concerned about
the messages that are being sent from
this president just like we've said it
before on the show both of us we were
concerned about the messages that were
sent to boys and girls when Bill Clinton
was in the White House
but now especially you have women that
are constantly degraded and you are
constantly degraded by the President of
the United States whenever he attacks us
he doesn't attack me he attacks you you
can look at we had Katy tur on you can
look at what he did with the the pageant
a coin that he fat chained you could
look at what he did with megyn kelly you
can look at what he's done time and time
again and by the way we're not even
saying about what he said privately this
congressman saying that he went into a
rage talking about you and blood 220
congressman that he was actually
whipping on the health care bill in the
house what does this say to young women
and young girls and what does it say
about the women in the White House right
that won't step up and speak out against
his phone call and he starts leering and
smiling at an Irish reporter who he
finds attractive this has brought us
back like 30 years and I do think women
in the White House need to know their
value and step up and understand but
they need to set him straight so do the
men say oh so I was a I just want to
bring one name out and I'm sorry to name
one person but I'm going to name her
because she's been around Washington for
a long time she's been a friend
we know her but Elaine Chao she's been
there before she will be there again
somebody like Elaine Chao needs to speak
out the next time this happens she has a
voice it's not enough anymore to say
he's the time he's new to the job ya
know and that's what she said that's
what others have said well he's new to
the job wait
I would not allow I've got four kids
Donny I would not allow any of my
children to behave this way and if they
did behave this way one time I would
take care of it instead a lot of these
Republicans and cabinet members are
going oh it's disappointing yeah would
you say that to your five-year-old if
you've I've got to went out and smack
the well so can somebody if somebody
said this about my daughter and I you
know once again I'm going to elevate the
conversation Donald if you're watching
with
Queens I'll meet you in the schoolyard
brother sunglasses but the tail tower I
want to take it out of the school I
don't want to well I do what I wanted
time to write children to treat people
with respect and to do unto others as
you would have them do unto you and just
stop the insanity Willy we're not going
to get Washington fixed as long as this
continues and as long as Republicans
turn a blind eye to it and it's not
about being new to the presidency got to
be new to humanity right well set know
not to say stuff like that not just to a
woman to another human being
Wilson and especially when you're the
most famous person now in the place of
the earth die most on health and most
powerful and everybody listen to every
word you said and it sets the tone for
people who believe in you and end it on
this note you have just he has once
again shown the world that he can be
played he can be tweaked he can be
goaded so easily that it's frightening
well we'll leave it there what does that
mean for North Korea or what is that is
what I'm worried about
I'm fine I'm one piece of bad news yeah
what's that
the Sox are in Toronto male dog bitches
I don't get it but that's what happened
TABC had the dogs what was it
they're both boys I'm sad language it's
just have her back he's walking walking
dogs she's walking her two dogs she
actually got $14 kids were very
impressed 18 chickens 12 rabbits you
want to do a story that's the story 13
nugget nuggets good okay boys nugget is
not a little bit wise are you hello
Kanika goes it's it's a second so on
vacation
before forth America thanks for checking
out MSNBC on YouTube and make sure you
subscribe to stay up-to-date on the
day's biggest stories and you can click
on any of the videos around us to watch
more 4 Morning Joe and MSNBC thanks so
much for watching